[feature][connector] JDBC sinks: support upsert and row deletion (#16448)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/io-jdbc-sink.md

| `key`       | String | false    | " " (empty string) | A comma-separated list containing the fields used in `where` condition of updating and deleting events.                  |
| `timeoutMs` | int    | false    | 500                | The JDBC operation timeout in milliseconds.                                                                              |
| `batchSize` | int    | false    | 200                | The batch size of updates made to the database.                                                                          |

> | `insertMode` | enum( INSERT,UPSERT,UPDATE) | false    | INSERT | If it is configured as UPSERT, the sink will use upsert semantics rather than plain INSERT/UPDATE statements. Upsert semantics refer to atomically adding a new row or updating the existing row if there is a primary key constraint violation, which provides idempotence. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `insertMode` | enum( INSERT,UPSERT,UPDATE) | false    | INSERT | If it is configured as UPSERT, the sink uses upsert semantics rather than plain INSERT/UPDATE statements. Upsert semantics refer to atomically adding a new row or updating the existing row if there is a primary key constraint violation, which provides idempotence. |
```
Write in the simple present tense as much as possible if you are covering facts that were, are, and forever shall be true.https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.e8uqh1awkcnp

> | `nullValueAction` | enum(FAIL, DELETE) | false    | FAIL | How to handle records with null values, possible options are DELETE or FAIL. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `nullValueAction` | enum(FAIL, DELETE) | false    | FAIL | How to handle records with NULL values. Possible options are `DELETE` or `FAIL`. |
```
